you moved scared
like boys possess
why not try
do think he's going to cry
how about trying now take a look at that
are you sure it's even recording him yes
Teresa ok that's a good spot I think
it's optimal Thomas is strong enough to
do it one why we go around but the
engine 11 reliable good no he's just
gonna shove that shit through 2 i'll
take a bar that was just like ice not
unless they're going at players I'm not
letting with Claire's damn it we should
have gone to Claire's
I was in an excited face
get some action hey mama how much video
can two gigs hold possess the memory
card you got me for Christmas is that
video are you tagging video or glamour
picture two eggs for that red hole by
seven hundred and some pictures so hang
on how long is we rolled on two minutes
right here oh so that means that like
I'm were Stone film how long I know wait
it up it better not stop like right
before you pierce it I'll be pissed I
don't want to you just stop it from
starting that's tries true I got swype
stop it like it is okay make sure it's
on our corn too yeah it's not stopping
it's not stopping just go yeah
go inside your nose here huh feels
really good close your eyes for Stage
four
big deep breath in through your nose
Oh
that's right Cory them is that good
Isaiah burgers that's what we'll call
but it's ice that's what I principal
oh he's just twisting a little extra
are you done I didn't get the close-up
man
was it in there
the stuff in there yeah Oh your bleeder
yeah I'm yours
more
my brother Koch over a fair shake
that a good I sidra would you say
I think your Valentine beccamike c the
bloodline
fence where